c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\PoliTicker.dll
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\PoliTicker.pdb
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\PoliTicker_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.g.resources
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.dll
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.pdb
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page2.g.cs
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page3.g.cs
c:\users\stanl_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page4.g.cs
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\PoliTicker.dll
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\PoliTicker.pdb
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\PoliTicker_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page2.g.cs
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page3.g.cs
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page4.g.cs
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.g.resources
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.dll
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.pdb
C:\Users\Linda\Desktop\stuff\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\PoliTicker.dll
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\PoliTicker.pdb
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\Bin\Debug\PoliTicker_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page2.g.cs
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page3.g.cs
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\Page4.g.cs
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.g.resources
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.dll
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\PoliTicker.pdb
C:\Users\stanl_000\Desktop\PoliTicker\PoliTicker\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
